User Stories                                  Time Estimate

Remove the directory:
As a User, I can remove a directory from      Few hours
the file system. This also removes all this
directory's children.

Create directory:
As a User, I can create directories in the    Two days
current working directory or in any path
specified. I can create as many directories
as I wish to. If an error occurs at any given
moment then I stop create directories and the
following directories cannot be created.

Print contents:
As a User, I can bring the content of a given  Two days
directory or the name of a given file. A path
of the directory or file is given. I can also
print recursively all subdirectories. 

Move an item to a new path:
As a User, I can move the item to different    Two days
directory, so I can find the item in the
other path where I want.

Copy a content to a new path:
As a User, I can copy the item to the other    Two days
directory, so I can find the item in two
different location.

View content of file(s):
As a User, I can view the contents of a        One hour
specified file or all specified files, so I
can view file contents with the shell.

Retrieve and add file(s) at a web address:
As a User, I can retrieve the file at a        Two days
web address and add it to the current
working directory, so I can get and use the
file which is on the website.

Print documentation for a command:
As a User, I can print the documentation	     One hour
for a one command onto the shell. So, I can
learn how and when I would use the
command.

Save current working directory:
As a User, I can save the current working      Two hours
directory onto directory list and move to
the specified directory, so I can remember
the previous directory where I was in.

Save session of JShell:
As a User, I can save my current session       Two days
onto a file in my computer. The file can be
new or an old file. Saving the session will
overwrite the file or create a new file will
all the commands up to where I am at before
I close the session.

Load the saved session of JShell:
As a User, I can load a saved session and get  Two days
the Shell at where it was before closing that
saved session. Every command executed will be
loaded onto the current session. I can only 
use this command if no other command has been
called when I open a session.

Search: 
As a User, I can search for any file or.       One day
directory in the file system and see the what
I am looking for on the Shell. What I am 
looking for can be relative or absolute path.

Tree:
As a User, I can display the entire file       Two days
system onto the shell. The content is 
displayed as a tree.